Deprecating old technology (#1845)
elastic/elasticsearch-hadoop: docs/src/reference/asciidoc/core/intro/requirements.adoc

> Pig 0.10.0 or higher. We recommend using the latest release of Pig (currently {pg-v}).
> 
> Note that support for Storm in {eh} is now deprecated.
> 

Reviewer: I'd move this to a `deprecated` admonition so it's a little more visible.
```suggestion
deprecated::[8.0,Support for Apache Pig in {eh} is deprecated.]

Pig 0.10.0 or higher. We recommend using the latest release of Pig (currently {pg-v}).
```

Here's how it looks:

<img width="771" alt="Screen Shot 2022-01-05 at 4 32 09 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40268737/148292479-b46c77de-ada9-4da1-972d-82a0af01fa4e.PNG">

As a note, the current text refers to "Storm," but I think it should be "Pig."

[[requirements-spark]]
=== Apache Spark

> Spark 1.3.0 or higher (support for Spark 1.x in {eh} is now deprecated). We recommend using the latest release of Spark (currently
> {sp-v}). As {eh} provides native integration (which is recommended) with {sp} it does not matter what binary one is using.

Reviewer: Same as above. I think this is little clearer than the parenthetical.
```suggestion
deprecated::[8.0,Support for Spark 1.x in {eh} is deprecated.]

Spark 1.3.0 or higher. We recommend using the latest release of Spark (currently {sp-v}). As {eh} provides native integration (which is recommended) with {sp}, it does not matter what binary one is using.
```

> Storm 1.0.0 or higher. Do note that Storm 1.0.0 broke backwards compatibility with the previous versions (by changing the package name)
> however upgrading is easy and recommended. We recommend using the latest release of Storm (currently {st-v}).
> 
> Note that support for Storm in {eh} is now deprecated.
> 

Reviewer: Same as above.
```suggestion
deprecated::[8.0,Support for Apache Storm in {eh} is deprecated.]

Storm 1.0.0 or higher. Do note that Storm 1.0.0 broke backwards compatibility with the previous versions (by changing the package name)
however upgrading is easy and recommended. We recommend using the latest release of Storm (currently {st-v}).
```
